enh(release-notes): new monitoring connector release (#5049)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/releases/release-notes.md

## 2026

### Février

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="New connectors" label="New connectors">

- [**Fortinet FortiAuthenticator RestAPI**](../procedures/network-fortinet-fortiauthenticator-restapi.md) - Initial release.
- [**Zscaler ZDX Api**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-zscaler-zdx-api.md) - Initial release.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Enhancements" label="Enhancements">

> - [**Base Pack**](../procedures/base-generic.md) - Decreased the ICMP packets size to pass through SaaS providers firewalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Base Pack**](../procedures/base-generic.md) - Reduced the ICMP packet size to ensure it can pass through firewalls protecting SaaS software.
```

> - [**HP Ilo XMLAPI**](../procedures/hardware-servers-hp-ilo-xmlapi.md) - Now using warning and critical thresholds provided by ILO data when no custom thresholds are given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**HP Ilo XMLAPI**](../procedures/hardware-servers-hp-ilo-xmlapi.md) - The connector now uses warning and critical thresholds provided by ILO data when no custom thresholds are defined.
```

> - [**AIX SSH**](../procedures/operatingsystems-aix-ssh.md) - Added a `FILTERARG` macro to **Process** service template to filter on the process' arguments. Also added the ability to display details of all processes (including "OK" processes) in the long output (issue [#5945](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/5945)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**AIX SSH**](../procedures/operatingsystems-aix-ssh.md) - Added a `FILTERARG` macro to the **Process** service template to filter on the process' arguments. Also added the ability to display details of all processes (including "OK" processes) in the long output (issue [#5945](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/5945)).
```

> - [**Linux CMA**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Added a Custom-Script service template to run custom command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Linux CMA**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Added a **Custom-Script** service template to run custom commands. 
```

> - [**Windows CMA**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Added new parameters for Services monitoring and added a Custom-Script service template to run custom command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Windows CMA**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Added new parameters for the **Services** service template and added a **Custom-Script** service template to run custom commands.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Breaking changes" label="Breaking changes">

> - [**PostgreSQL**](../procedures/applications-databases-postgresql.md) - Added the possibility to apply thresholds to the global number of connections, not only per database. The breaking change concerns the replacement of `*FILTER` macros in **Query-Time**, **Locks**, **Backend** and **Hitratio** templates with more explicit `*INCLUDE*` and `*EXCLUDE*` macros (issue [#5350](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/5350)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**PostgreSQL**](../procedures/applications-databases-postgresql.md) - Added support for applying thresholds to the total number of connections, not just per database. This breaking change replaces the `*FILTER` macros in the **Query-Time**, **Locks**, **Backend** and **Hitratio** templates with more explicit `*INCLUDE*` and `*EXCLUDE*` macros (issue [#5350](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/5350)).
```

- [**Veeam NSClient API**](../procedures/applications-veeam-nsclient-05-restapi.md) - The connector is now compatible with **NSClient++ 0.11.8**, which may be downloaded [here](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-nsclient-build/releases) as a pre-release at the time these lines are being written. The breaking change actually occurs when you update NSClient without updating the connector. Updating only the connector is safe. Fixing issue [#95](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-nsclient-build/issues/95).
- [**Windows NSClient API**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-nsclient-05-restapi.md) - The connector is now compatible with **NSClient++ 0.11.8**, which may be downloaded [here](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-nsclient-build/releases) as a pre-release at the time these lines are being written. The breaking change actually occurs when you update NSClient without updating the connector. Updating only the connector is safe. Fixing issue [#95](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-nsclient-build/issues/95).

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Fix" label="Fix">

> - [**Centreon DEM (formerly Quanta) Rest API**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-dem-restapi.md) - Fixed UNKNOWN status when no incidents found (now it returns OK).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Centreon DEM (formerly Quanta) Rest API**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-dem-restapi.md) - The connector now returns an OK status when no are incidents found (instead of UNKNOWN).
```

> - [**Veeam WSMAN**](../procedures/applications-veeam-wsman.md) - Added a specific command handler dedicated to PowerShell scripts to avoid `JSON error` messages in some cases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Veeam WSMAN**](../procedures/applications-veeam-wsman.md) - Added a specific command handler dedicated to PowerShell scripts to avoid `JSON error` messages occurring in some cases. 
```

> - [**Windows WSMAN**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-wsman.md) - Added a specific command handler dedicated to PowerShell scripts to avoid `JSON error` messages in some cases such as `updates` and `pending-reboot` modes (issues [#4461](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/4461) and [#4599](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/4599)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Windows WSMAN**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-wsman.md) - Added a specific command handler dedicated to PowerShell scripts to avoid `JSON error` messages occurring in some cases, such as `updates` and `pending-reboot` modes (issues [#4461](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/4461) and [#4599](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/4599)). 
```

> - [**Amazon FSx**](../procedures/cloud-aws-fsx.md) - Fixed a mix-up between `data-write-ops` and `data-write-bytes` in **Fsx-DataUsage** service (issue [#5944](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/5944)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon FSx**](../procedures/cloud-aws-fsx.md) - Fixed a mix-up between `data-write-ops` and `data-write-bytes` for the **Fsx-DataUsage** service (issue [#5944](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/5944)).
```

> - [**Fortinet Fortigate SNMP**](../procedures/network-firewalls-fortinet-fortigate-snmp.md) - Fixed an error in the bandwidth calculation in **SDWan** service (issue [#5959](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/5959)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Fortinet Fortigate SNMP**](../procedures/network-firewalls-fortinet-fortigate-snmp.md) - Fixed an error in the bandwidth calculation for the **SDWan** service (issue [#5959](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/issues/5959)).
```
